stylist
hello darlings and welcome to touch a
fistula where we tell you what's best
for you not today we're going to be
touching up the fabulous plague
gorgeously sexy all-round entertainer
tiny gold sleep and I cannot wait look
at gorgeous you are I don't know another
bat Tony she's just naturally beautiful
but darling today I brought my stylist
to the stars is brawny and Magic Mike
it's not gonna hurt a bit so don't let
me touch you up a little bit I care life
ain't touched up what's important is
looking good in this world yeah
absolutely I'm not telling you so I'm
multi-talented I can't believe it I tell
you what I really love that show dick
called sex fly well we talked about it
was very controversial at the time
nowadays it would just be bland but we
talked about everything from sexual
position midlife crisis um all of the
above we're going testing up well
clearly because I'm just going along its
yes no I do I love up sexually sure why
not and you were the chanteuse ease and
now you're in the TV yeah well the
shanties were widget pretty well back in
the late 80s Early 90s and Eve who was
in the shanties and I have reformed a
band and we play a lot of corporate work
and we've done quite a few live gigs oh
yeah see we have to go and see you in
butcher to now I had a little story that
you passed Geoffrey Rush well I have had
a pash with mr. rush i did on brown
brands Twisted Tales and he was my first
on-screen pêche ever and he was so cute
because I've never done when I said what
do you do do you like practice and dress
no just we'll do it on the take and go
well he's a nice man I said what about
the tongues and no time
what about big things have you done 16
you have done 16 oh um I did Vince
Colosimo that was your heart and even
bet you would especially that his wife
Jane was am also in the show it was
called life and she was playing his wife
and I played his mistress it was a bit
what did she scratch her eyes out oh
wait didn't she wasn't on set that day I
think they've probably scheduled it so
she wasn't around that oh and I've done
a few actually I've sort of entered into
this age group in my 40s where I'm the
MILF and I'm having affairs with younger
men and whatever I thought me I don't
belong to me a lot of the xanes know you
nobody here to about neighbors tell you
that that character oh well she was um
your typical narcissus she was
everything was out for what she got she
had blinkers on with how her actions
would affect anybody else she was a
go-getter she wanted a guy to look after
her that was you know and she used her
children to get through all sorts of
things she was a nut job but yes that we
download with she believed that
everything she was in was fine she was
completely like what's wrong with all of
you exactly got run out of town which
was a lot of fun I loved it actually
Thank tell me tell me little secret
what's your favorite character that
you've ever played Janet in the rocky
horror show I did the different their
production I'm sorry I love playing
Janet I love all right right thank you
Oh Tony now darling I wanna ask you a
really serious question mm-hmm what do
you think when you see fat people no one
looked after you when you were younger
they should have taught you how to eat
properly and it must be difficult to get
around every day with a lot of weight on
and on your bones and on difficult for
your life and notes it's a shame well
you know what I think darling what I
think I see a fat person and I think my
god that is a heart attack waiting to
happen yeah
when I go to gloria jeans or somewhere
like a coffee shop and there's a fat
person and they're ordering something
with a whole lot of cream on it I think
you got afford to have that I mean this
terrible no but they're trapped in this
whole thing and it is it's what he said
nothing as I believe there's such a
thing as fat and happy I think that
that's an absolutely you gotta be it's
not i'm not getting through in life
anyway then carrying around a whole lot
of weight i want a lot ap orbital
exhausting I mean you have to get really
darling open look you look gorgeous and
Q yeah thank you guys tell me why have
you down done well today I've put a
gorgeous show me how to dress on the
toilet and then we measured it with some
fabulous Dolce & Gabbana shot and then
just added a little bit of bling over
here with this gorgeous ring and I can
tell you it wasn't too hard to make tati
look fabulous she's already gorgeous and
Matt did my okay now because Tory's got
such a beautiful long hair we've gone to
this audrey hepburn sort of messy French
roll so we've whipped it up in the
science picking it up at the baton made
a little escargot and then fish it off
with some hair framing her face to just
match everything that they've done often
tested my gorgeous diamond now we're
going to see you very very three and a
belly I'll tell you it's coming out
called infiltration or what are you
going to infiltrate alley why won't even
go that night thank you very much i got
done wrong you know we do 15 on you but
they do have it she looks absolutely
gorgeous that was important in this
world isn't it darling so that's all we
have for you today and remember stay
beautiful day beautiful
two